what I call a legacy from President Walton. We came
here that he came as president. He became
president the same year that we came in as new
members of the Department of History. And I don't
know when it started, but I know it was in full swing
in the early 30s because I remember the people who
were honored this Christmas dinner or
pre-Christmas dinner that he, presumably in the
name of the college, but we always thought of it as
coming from him, a Christmas dinner, which was
given at the college a little bit before the
Christmas holiday started, the Christmas
vacation started, so that we could all get to it.
And this was a very beautiful family style dinner.
The platters were passed along, and it was for the
faculty, and the teaching faculty, and the
Experiment Station Extension Service people.
And I remember once we had one of the waiters at Old
Speeds Hall, what we now would say a black or a Negro
man. And he was, we used to say colored in those
days, And he was honored with 25 years. So you see,
it was inclusive and democratic and rather nice.
And we used to enjoy those get-togethers so much,
because we all knew each other. How many people did
you have at these get-togethers? Oh, let me see. I
couldn't tell you. Do you have any idea of them?
There might have been a couple of hundred on the
faculty at that time, but I don't know how many in
experimentation. I'd say 150 at a conservative
exercise. Was there? I'd say 150 at a conservative
exercise. Well, a faculty, but I don't know how
many of experimentation and extension service
people. But you see, it was what we now would call a
small group. In those days, we called it a large
group. But we had a lovely time. And afterwards,
there would be some short speeches, mostly light
in nature. And then after the dinner, or toward the
end of the dinner, we would sing Christmas carols
together. And I remember, particularly on one
occasion, that Mr. Joe directed our singing. And
he was, by the way, the first director of the Cadet
Singers before they had a professional director.
And Joe Wilk was very fond of music. And they, of
course, are still here. And let me see. Everybody
had a wonderful time. And we looked forward. We
practically expected them to do it to us. And then,
in the same vein, And I call that a sort of legacy
from President Walton. How long did this go on? How
many years? Oh, I remember definitely that it was
going on in 35, but it went on much longer than that.
It went on to, oh, let me see, when somebody came in.
When did the Nancys come here? I remember them and
that. And I remember the cigars in that. So that
was, it must have gone on up until, probably until
President Walton retired. I believe that it went
on that whole long, long, long period so that I can
differentiate between one of the meetings and
another one of the meetings, or one of the dinners.
Later, we were served banquet style by plate. And
that was when it got larger, I think. You see, it
would be simpler to serve it like that. And the
cadet waiters used to serve us. And we always had a
thank you for the director of subsistence,
whoever it was, a formal thank you, and for the
cadets who served us. Duncan was director of
subsistence. What's that? Duncan was director of
subsistence. At that time. was director of
subsystem. And Spiesa had just, I think, gone off.
Spiesa Hall is named for him. And, of course,
Duncan Hall is named for Mr. Duncan. How was the
food? Oh, wonderful. Really? Oh, delicious food.
Oh, they didn't skimp us. They didn't skimp us.
Incidentally, along that very line, there was a
dining or a meal, no matter what it sounds, At Speza
Hall. Yes, that's where we had it. And one of the
prominent items on the menu was fresh, roasted and
thin air corn on the cob. Oh, that was at
summertime. Yeah. And somebody was
congratulating Duncan about it. And he said,
yeah, that's all right. The boys are having the
same thing today. I was down in Houston looking the
markets over, and there was quite a bunch of fresh
corn on the market. And I got 32 bushels sealed up
here. So the bars were not always shorted, you see.
I haven't heard too many complaints about the food
from that period at all. Most of the people I talked
to would still thought the food was very good.
Maybe the young men were better trained and better
behaved, perhaps, in that period. But anyway,
that's when they were still doing hazing. And that
has sort of simmered off, I think. In the same
connection, there was another gathering of
faculty, and I say faculty, Experiment Station,
and Extension Service. We were just one group
together when the New Year's reception that
President and Mrs. Walton gave. I think that is
still being continued, but I'm not sure. They may
be dividing it, too, because the groups are so much
larger. It may not be one long affair. But that New
Year's reception, well, we wouldn't have missed
it for anything. Mrs. Walton had the most heavenly
food you can imagine. And it was so informal. It was
so, we all knew each other. And I remember that on
one occasion, one of the deans took his napkin and
picked up a few elegant tidbits that Mrs. Walton
always had and folded up. He was taking this to his
children, so they'd enjoy that part. What name was
this? What's that? Who was this that did this? Who
was the dean that did it? Oh, should I say that?
Certainly. Well, it was Dean Winkler. Oh, my.
Well, Dean Winkler was then dean of what was it?
Education. Education, I think. And we knew them
well, too. He died some years ago. But Mrs. Winkler
is still living here. I really shouldn't give
names because that was so natural. And so you might
have done it with family. But that was always
President Walton's motto. We are one family. You
see, it was a beautiful idea to reiterate. And also
that one cooperation. He used those two phrases a
good bit. And then they have colored the whole
thing. The whole attitude had something to do with
it. Only to stress the wrong syllable,
cooperation. Yes, we all do say cooperation. And I
think we all got to saying and probably having fun.
And then if one copies somebody else, one gets the
same habit oneself. It's very interesting.
Let me see. There was something I wanted to say
there about that. But I believe that's all, Mrs.
Walton. Mrs. Walton served elegant meals. We've
been there to dinner. Oh, wonderful. And Ethel
Burgess is the daughter still living here. And
little Mrs. M.L. Cashin, Mason Lee Cashin's wife,
is Dr. Walton's granddaughter. He had two sons
here who are doctors, I think. Dr. Turner Walton
has retired, helped on . And Lee. Yes, and Lee. But
he has a son who is also practicing now. So you see
they've gone into medical and stayed here, the two
sons and their sons. And let me see, another social
event was Mrs. Duncan's Halloween party. And
honestly, when anybody started something like
that, all the rest of us expected it to go on
forever. It was such a nice, steady feeling we had.
But she gave Halloween parties on Halloween
night. Now, I think that did not last so long. The
Duncans were already elderly when we came. So I
think that was a short duration. But I remember
one. Of course, it was her party. It was the Duncans
gave the party. It was not a college affair. But I
think some, one of the military men in the military
department, they had a very handsome and charming
secretary, not so young as I remember her, but not
in the 20s, beyond the 20s, and maybe beyond 30s.
And one of the military people called Mrs. Duncan
to order because she didn't invite the secretary.
So you see how things were. I don't know whether she
really did it or not, but she was not obliged to
because it was a private party. Then I don't know
whether I told you how we used to shop. I heard, this
is secondhand, I heard from the daughter of a long
ago head of the history department, Professor
Fountain, whose memorial bronze tablet is in the
YMCA chapel, I believe they call it now. And she
said, she was the one that had the history far, far
back. And I have heard her talk. So some of these
things. are secondhand from her and from Mrs.
Camel. Mrs. Camel and Mrs. Cofer. They were
long-time, but not as long time as Mrs.
Marsteller, who was the fountain, and married
Marsteller, who succeeded Dean Francis as head of
the veterinary school. She said that when they
lived here, when she was young here, They had to get
to Bryan with almost a day's journey, because they
had to go by buggy to get their shopping. But there
was a grocery, and at Northgate, a few, well, there
was a grocery established the year we came. You
remember Luke's, Luke and Charlie. Very well
known. So much so that everybody went to Luke and
Charlie. Luke was a prince. He was a prince. Do you
remember their full names? Luke. Patronel.
Patronel. Patronel. Patronella or Patronello, I
don't know. His widow, Elsie, a very fine woman.
She had 20 years of widowhood and then married a
retired colonel here who was a fine person. She's
had two wonderful husbands. And she acted with
dignity and poise through those 20 years, I told
her that month. And she lives here. Now, Luke's.
But he was the grocer here. But at his funeral, I
have never seen so sick at heart and so much weeping
as was seen there. I never have. We all loved Luke.
And he had a- Who was Charlie? Charlie? Charlie
Oversteady. was in business with him in the
grocery business in Northgate. Then when the
development started across Texas Avenue, when
Texas Avenue became a road, a street, Luke moved
over there in a new neighborhood and continued his
business there in his own name, Luke's. But Luke
and Charlie was such a familiar name in the older
days. before there was any Texas Avenue, that one
child was reported to have said her evening
prayer, something about Matthew, Mark, Luke, and
John, saying, Matthew, Mark, Luke, and Charlie.
So you see, he was one of us, too, but not, of course,
of the staff. And later, of course, after this
buggy period, which we didn't know anything
about, there were a lot of new high cars. You know,
they all had so much at the top, especially the
Fords, I think. And we came down with the A, what was
ours? Max. Maxwell. And then we would go to town by
car. What road did you take to town? Oh, College
Road. That's all there was. We didn't have
anything else. What was the condition of the road?
Could you describe it? Well, it was like any old
road would be. Nothing gray on. It was not paved or
was paved? Pretty primitive, I would say. No, it
was not paved. It was not paved. Oh, it was not
paved, no. Not even gravel. Yeah, gravel. But it
was passable. We never had any trouble going in
there. And how long did it take you? Can you
remember how long it took you to get, say, from your
house to downtown Bryan, to the shopping
district?
I don't know. 12, 15 minutes. Oh, now we can get
anywhere in 10, 15 minutes. Now, certainly. But I
was wondering when. No, it must have been half an
hour or so to get down there, I imagine. And we had
just this little one grocery on the campus. And of
course, it was not stocked as well as the several
ANPs and so on in town. Of course, just, we, I think
it was here, or they started shortly after we came,
the interurban, which ran from, did it start from
old Aggieland Inn, or more to Northgate? More from
the gate, I think. More, it was more Northgate,
what we now call Northgate. There was an
interurban that rode into town, and where it
stopped in town, or where the station wasn't down,
I can't remember, because we didn't use it except
in emergency. And it came right through Cabot
Street, which is now Cabot Street. In fact, some
people living over there near Cabot here in North
Oakwood used the end of that paving ramp on tracks
as their driveway. You can see. I can see that it is
the remains of the old road. Then, of course, they
changed to buses. And that's modern. So you don't
want to know about anything modern. How often did
the interurban run? How often? How often was the
schedule of the interurban? How often did a car
come and go? I can't remember. Near as I can
remember, about every quarter hour. Quarter
hour? Was it that often? How was it powered? Was it
electric or diesel or? Overhead. I think it was an
overhead trolley. It was a streetcar. But we've
always called it a streetcar. And I don't know how
many are left. But there's some still left in. Oh,
there are buses up there in New York. San Francisco
still has a lot, I think. 42nd Street. Leading to
that, from that, or rather from the, I should say,
that a
continuation of the family relationship of the
employees, faculty, and so forth, at the college.
There is now a A&M retirees club, which means if
you're retired, you're eligible. And of course,
not all go. But we have a president, we have a
secretary, and who reads the minutes, and we have a
treasurer. We have no constitution, no bylaws, no
anything to break. Very informal. We can't break
any constitution or bylaws or anything. We just
meet. Do you know when this first started? Oh, that
may have been as long as 10 years ago. But it's not an
old thing. Carnegie came in 56. No, it may have been
started in 60. Maybe in there somewhere. Because I
remember who was working it up. That was Mr.
Carnegie, who came here. He was in the insurance
business. And then he came in here and taught a few
years. And that made him a retired professor.
Where did he teach? What department? That's
right. What department did he teach in? I think in
business administration.
But I'm not quite sure, because we're just a few
years, and we've had a number of people come in like
that, retiring. I'll tell you. Oh, I could mention
their names, but it's so recent.
We had a number that would come in, especially in
the Army, would come in and teach some years and
then be retired. here, you see. And they usually
stayed here, like we do. That's a nice place. See,
we can't get away from this place. That's a nice
place. And we, for years, thought we'd retire up to
Virginia to raise various properties up there.
But we can't get away from this place. That's all
there's to it. And let me see. So that retirees
club, we meet about four or five times a year. I
think it's supposed to be four times. have no
constitution or bylaws or anything. So we just do
what we want to. And we meet and pay for our dinners.
We've gone to Haldi Inn. We've gone to Wyatt's.
We've gone to the Ramada. We've gone out to the
college memorial center. We get a notion we want
change. Well, then we change. And there's nothing
that says we can't. We just vote. And we are about,
the attendance is about 110. So it kind of, that I
think, or thereabouts. And that crowds us pretty
much in some places. So we've had to make moves
there. But that's lots of fun. We all love each
other. Because we're all so old. Well, you get a
chance to see a lot of people, I guess, at this that
you don't get to see very often. We're sort of
mellowed, you might say. So we all love each other.
There was an old entertainment. There was Guyon
Hall. Do you know anything about Guyon Hall? It was
here when I was here. But there was a fault in the
construction there. So I think that it hasn't
lasted. We lived right at the back of that Guyon
Hall. And what is now a parking lot, or I think it
still is. They make so many changes out there, you
can tell. It's a parking lot. a parking lot by the
Raleigh White. Yes, and directly behind the new
Rutter Center that they built over where G.
Raleigh was. Well, don't tell me about that. I
don't want to get lost again. Well, right where G.
Raleigh, right where Guy in Hall was, they built
this new complex. Oh, they did. The tower, I think,
where they have a restaurant on top. I never could
understand why you had to go all the way up on the top
of something to a restaurant. But we did it in the
Europa Hotel in Copenhagen, remember? I think I
did. Rosebuds strewn all over the table for us. We
asked for a table for several. This is extraneous.
This is a point. little boy of five or six said when
we took him to the circus, he said, why do they have
to swing way up there? Why can't they swing down
here? So we have a practical point of view here.
There was the cat a corner, approximately cat a
corner, from the present YMCA building. Only in
those days, it didn't have the solariums on it. It
was just a narrower building. And all our
meetings, our women's clubs, and study clubs, and
garden clubs, and things like that, always met
there. We didn't have the facilities that now
exist with the Memorial Center then. And later, we
did meet at the Memorial Center. Our women's
organization, faculty-wise,
the study clubs, and the social club. We had the
social club. I believe I told you about the social
club. It was organized mainly to look after the
cadets, the boys who stayed, who couldn't get home
for Christmas. But we all went to it and took our
children, and it was a very family time. Do you have
any idea how old the women's social club is? When it
began, maybe? It was in existence when we came.
That's about as much as I can tell. And the campus
club was in existence. I remember being invited to
it. What's the campus club? The campus study club.
Oh, the campus club. Yeah, I remember being
invited to it the first year we were here. And it
still exists. And I think they have a historian. I
think the historian is Mrs.
Marie Ashton. Marie Ashton, Mrs. Ashton. And she
might be able to tell you more of that if you wanted
it. But as I said, we used to meet at the Y. And then,
again, about these old buildings, almost cat a
corner from the Y. As it now stands, it's one of the
old buildings. And it was here when we came. It was
an old sort of barn-like structure that I think
they called it Assembly Hall, but I'm not quite
sure. because there would be some assemblies
there when we became uncertain about Guyon Hall.
And by the way, in Guyon Hall, there were no
churches as such. There were the Presbyterian
group, the Methodist group, the Baptist group.
Have you heard about that? No, I haven't. Well, you
see, it was small. And there was not
enough
people to make a charter group and do it. But after a
while, we became established as churches. Was it
too far to go to Bryan, then? In other words, you
could have gone to church at Bryan. No, but most of
us didn't. College stayed pretty much to itself.
Local patriotism. Yes, I think it was a sense of
chauvinistic patriotism, I think. But in the
basement of Gone Hall, I don't know why they dared
let us be there, but I think it was the upper
structure that was dangerous. In the basement,
there was a Union Sunday School. And I think Mrs.
Campbell and Mrs. Marsteller started that, and it
was in existence when we came. And I taught there
five years for a group of boys who are now
middle-aged men. And the sons, and it was the sons,
the boys class I had. And we met there and sang there
and had the only Sunday school. Then they had
somebody established a little later. That was
Mrs. Carper. And I think Mrs. Carper and I can't
remember who else. established a youth meeting, a
youth vespers, which I was asked to take part in. I
could tell you some amusing incidents there, but
they're largely about the children. But
Catacorner, again, I'll get back with that old
sort of barn-like structure where movies were
shown. I can't remember whether Wednesdays and
Saturdays. I can't remember. I think so, but I
can't remember. Because Wednesday was an off
night for the students. I don't know if it is now.
Yeah, it is for military. It's not for the students
anymore, I think. This is the old church night,
Wednesday night. Wednesday night was an off night
for the... I think they showed the movies then. I
know our elder son... went to it and I believe Sam
Ray later and we've gone to the movies there then
and that's right I think where it's to the to the
east is it east gate that comes over here to
University what's now University Drive what was
it then Old Sulphur Springs Road or something like
that and Yes,
I've got a note to that. Then I believe that the name
of the dormitory now standing near there is Pereer
Hall, but I can't remember all those names now. But
that was after old sweet Dean Pereer. And if you
asked me his first name, I could not tell you. Could
you? He was from Virginia, so he was... His name was
Charles, but I cannot be certain. No, Pereira. But
he was a sweet elderly to old gentleman when we
came. And he lived over there on Quality Row and was
a bachelor, was he not? Yeah. And he died not long
after we came. But while our children were
small... And we lived in that corner house. And
Bolton lived next to us by one house, Dean and Mrs.
Bolton. Bolton later became president on what
they called Quality Row. That was named long
before we ever came. He used to come down, used to
live on Quality Row, and turn the corner and come
down on our side street. And as he passed, the homes
where there were young boys not going to school,
and maybe girls too, young girls, before
preschool age. He'd come along, and they'd all
come rushing over to him to be weighed. So he would
hold his cane up for them. They would grab hold of
the cane, and he would lift it, and he would tell
them their weight. So you see how family-like the
whole thing was. Dean Pereira, I just know him as a
fine and scholarly gentleman. Was he once head of
the math? I think so, yeah. I think he was. Then
there's, let me see, is there anything else I can
tell about that? Except to emphasize the
family-like character of the whole small campus,
because we didn't have any huge buildings. We
didn't even want them, I think. And the campus now
seems strange to many of us. I've heard several
say, oh, I'll never go near it. But we went to the
campus once by mistake, and we got lost. And then we
found where we once had lived, but there's so many
one-way streets. that we got off on other streets
before. But we managed to get home. And you see, we
now are. So what else is there? Can you think of any
questions you'd like to ask? No, I might like to
have you describe your experiences with Dr. Mark
Francis, possibly. Oh, Dr. Mark Francis. He lived
on our side street just a half a block down. And I
knew Mrs. Francis very well. In fact, she had gone
with me several times to Houston. Later, we went to
Houston to shop. Now, that would be in the late 40s,
somewhere in the late 40s. I mean, not our ages, but
the late 40s chronologically. And she was half shy
and half full of fun. a person, quite a person
herself, but not the personality that her husband
Mark Francis was. In fact, there are many stories
about him going about, some of which we heard. He
died while we still lived on the campus. So that was
in the 30s, you see, somewhere in there. But he was
retired, lived as a retired man, and it hurt him
very much to be retired. I remember that. He was
fussing a good bit about being retired. And then
his next in line, Dr. Marsteller, stepped up to be
head of the veterinary school, dean of the
veterinary school. Dean Francis, I know we went
over calling very promptly that Sunday morning
when we heard that he had died and
saw Mrs. Francis. She was willing to see us. But one
of the stories that I remember told all around was
that he would make a regular tour of the campus and
pick up all the discarded bottles. What the
bottles had been used for before, I leave to your
imagination. Because I think it was in
Prohibition times. But there were still bottles
lying around. And they were a disgrace to his soul,
I think. So he picked them up. And when he died, they
found the servant house just full. of bottles. I
don't know what they did with them. He didn't know
what to do with them, so he parked them in his
certain house. In his certain house. But it was
told with great delight about him and pleasure,
you see. It was just nice of him. He was
kind of matter of fact. And I do know some stories,
which I'm not sure should go on tape, very mild
ones. Ray may know some others that definitely
should not go on tape or be deleted. I can't think of
any right now that I dare say they were something.
Well, do you want me to tell you that one about the
chief? Well, he said, now the girls used to pout.
That's when the skirts became shorter and
shorter. And he said, and that must have been in his
last years somewhere in... 30s maybe early 30s I
can't remember when he died um the year I mean uh and
he said that the girls now are are rouging their
cheeks now with the skirts getting shorter all the
time they'll have to rouge their other cheeks so
that's that's the only one that I know about him
except that he was um He was always, always a
character. And I said, oh, yes, let me tell you this
one. He was off on a trip once by train. We had trains
in those days. And he was off on a train trip, and
Mrs. Francis expected him home on the night train.
I think it came around 12 o'clock at night and was in
bed. And but she left the door unlocked. And we
always left our doors unlocked. We just could go to
Brian and not think of locking up our house. But how
different it is now. And she had left the door
unlocked. And someone, she heard a bang, bang,
banging. And I'm not quite sure we had doorbells,
did we? I can't remember. Those were campus houses
we lived in. I can tell you a little bit about that if
you'd like to know. and somebody banged and she
said come in I have the door unlocked come in and the
banging kept on and she said come in you old fool and
he still banged away so she went to the door and
found it was a stranger had seen a light and wanted
his way and then of course a little bit later a few
moments later Dr. Francis himself came And they
were very sort of matter of fact. And I remember one
time after I brought her back from a Houston trip.
That must have been way back then, the 32. I call
that way back. And no, wait a minute. No, it was
later than that. But anyway, I brought her back
from Houston. And they all thought I was a pretty
good driver. So some of the women going to Houston,
that was in the late late 30s, before we built. And
many of us had to go down to get the hardware and
things like that, to select hardware and things
like that for the homes that we were building when
the campus was cleared of faculty homes, except
the president, and maybe some others. I don't
know.
I remember that some one of the ladies asked me
would I please take over she didn't mind driving a
road but would I please take over when we got into
Houston itself because she didn't like to drive in
traffic which didn't bother me and uh they and
we're about the same age by the way and uh as I said I
was taking Mrs. Francis home uh and some others
from the from the campus, whom I've invited to go
along for shopping. And Bryan didn't have all the
stores that it now has, even back there 30 years
ago. And so when we drove up to approaching her
house, here was Dr. Francis, the undemonstrative
Dr. Francis, walking back and forth on the
pavement. We did have a few pavements, didn't we?
But usually there weren't any pavements or walks.
We just traipsed over everything. And he was
walking back and forth and back and forth. And I
told Mrs. Francis, I said, see, you see, he is
worried to death about your coming home so late.
And of course, it wasn't very late because we
wouldn't drive that late. And she was more like a
young girl being courted. And she accepted that.
that interpretation of his walking back and
forth. The houses. The
houses that we had were campus houses. When we came
to ours, I think it was 12 years old. But they were
very flimsily constructed. So the windows and the
doors didn't fit very tightly. So it wouldn't have
been done in these days of energy and fuel
shortages because we had winter winds when we
didn't want them and summer heat when we didn't
want it. And of course, there was no, we didn't have
air conditioning and things like that. But we did
have, and we had wood stoves, wood and coal stoves
when we first came. And then gas was put in when? A
few years after we came. In the 30s, I think. It was
in the late 20s because Thompson came to see us and
we had just gotten there. And I think that must have
been before we went to visit him. So it must have
been in the late 20s. I bet you were glad to get that
gas stove. That's what? I bet you were glad to get
that gas stove. Oh, it was wonderful. We had a
friend visiting us at that time, and he was just as
happy as we were. An old family friend of ours who
was more like an uncle to us girls. But the houses
were very flimsy. Ours was painted green, and
everybody else's was white. So we felt... We live
in the greenhouse, not the white house. And I can
tell you one incident about it. Our young son,
who's now in the State Department, when he was, oh,
I suppose, four, five, something like that, he was
just a year old when we came here. And he was in
Sunday school, and he must have been judging by
the... The lesson, as it was given, he must have
been about four or five, enough to understand that
one must be grateful and thankful for God's good
gifts. And the teacher, I can tell you her name,
told them, now what must we be thankful for? Our
parents, our good health, the sunshine, the rain,
the flowers, the grass, the homes we live in. And
our young son piped up and says, My dad says that our
home is a shack. So that would indicate that they
were rather flimsily built. So I think it was that
we were all upset. Not exactly upset, but we were
all sort of alert and tense about moving and
building our own houses after we had lived in $18
and $20 a month homes on the campus. It was so
convenient. Oh, you did have to pay rent for these
houses. Yes, we paid rent. I think ours was $18 a
month when we came. Yes, when we first came. And the
houses were on the campus were allotted to rank and
seniority determined who would get the houses. So
you see, the houses at one time on the campus must
have taken care of the whole faculty. Now, how many
there were, 150?
But anyway, just about in there, they began
spreading subdivisions. And Dr. F.B. Clark, whom
I knew at Johns Hopkins, where he got his doctor's
degree before Ray came and got his degree there,
too. He bought tracts of land to the south of
college. I think he called it Kaskaskia
Properties. I don't know why he gave that name. And
so that was the first development. College Park, I
believe they called it. Yes, College Park. And
that built up slowly. The guy,
of course, the Clarks built. They had a little log
cabin that they lived in first. And later that was
the home of Mrs. Clark's sister, Ms. Haynes, who
was quite an artist. She's still there. Marie
Haynes. And she, in late life, she married Fred
Burt of the, was it chemistry or mathematics?
Yeah, I think. Stafford moved to Vermont. And I
don't know, I've often wondered, because we knew
them extremely well. In fact, Dr. Clark and Ray,
Dr. Gammon, had talked to us. So, and I had known him
at Hopkins, so they were our first callers, and so
were, among the first four, were the Clarks and the
Boltons. We had, in coming out here, We had come
through northern Mississippi and part of the
distance. And somebody passed us in a car and
tooted at us. And I didn't know what it was. I
thought maybe there was something wrong. But then
we saw that they had a Texas license. So they were
just tooting for a Texas license. We used to do
things like that when we traveled. Back there in
the 20s and 30s, late 20s and 30s. And then even
later, I mean, recognized the Texas license. And
then above that was A&MC. So I knew that they were
from A&M. And we were coming back to Sherman to pick
up our belongings and move down here. And so we
passed them and tooted for them, and they stopped.
And I just said, we are coming to A&M in September.
And so they introduced themselves and apologized
for their looks, because they wore, in those days,
these dust coats and dust hats and things. And they
were going to their own home, Pontotoc,
Mississippi. And then when we had come in, we
stayed at the old Agulon Inn. Not the one they built
out there on Texas Avenue called Eglin Inn. But
that is a cat corner from the College Station post
office. Cat corner to... It's been torn down now.
Oh, yes, I know it is. It's not there anymore. Well,
we stayed there, and some were rather... Dean
Friley, who was dean of the academic... Arts and
Sciences. Arts and Sciences. And he was not there.
He had asked Dr. Summey or the Summeys to call on us.
So they were early callers. And Dr. Summey came and
called on us while we were still at the Eglin Inn. We
stayed there a couple of nights until some of our
furniture should come down. And I remember some
were so amazed that we just didn't put mattresses
on the floor to sleep in our house. We were not
accustomed. We always were pretty careful where
we stopped. But anyway, that's the house.
Anything else you can think of? People? No, not
right off. I mean, let me think a minute here. I've
got to turn this tape over anyway.